Analytics Supervisor
Remote - San Francisco, CA
$115,000 ‒ $135,000 Annually
** This is a fully remote position. Please only apply to this position if you reside in one of the following US States where Ars X Machina (AXM) currently operates: 

Alabama, Arizona, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Georgia, Illinois, Kansas, Massachusetts, Michigan, Montana, Nevada, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oregon, South Carolina, Texas, Washington

Please note that we do not offer visa sponsorship for this position. Candidates must be legally authorized to work in the United States (specifically in the states we operate business) without requiring visa sponsorship. Employment is contingent upon successful completion of a background check. Thank you for your understanding.


SUMMARY 

Lead analytics delivery across client accounts including measurement planning, execution, and audience development. 
Develop and maintain strong client relationships to understand the client’s business and category and how our work in media connects
Work in close collaboration with partner teams within the agency to evolve processes and improve the quality of agency work.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES 

Develop and deliver measurement plans including frameworks and learning agendas.
Deliver regular client reporting per agreed upon deliverables in accordance with measurement plans with clear storylines and actionable insights.
Create dashboard visualizations that are visually compelling and showcase campaign performance
Lead working sessions with partner teams on analysis, insights, opportunities for optimization, and forward looking recommendations. 
Support audience development during campaign planning including sizing, profiling, and segmentation.
Manage vendor relationships related to measurement and data delivery to ensure all data required to deliver on measurement plans is available and accurate as needed.
REQUIREMENTS 

6+ years of experience in advertising and analytics, including measurement and insights development, and story telling.Experience agency side is a must.
Experience in a supervisory role required. 
Bachelor's degree in quantitative discipline such as mathematics, economics, statistics, computer science required, or relevant experience in a quantitative role
Experience with advertising measurement solutions such as MMM, MTA, ad effectiveness, location data, and other sales attribution solutions required
Working knowledge of audience research platforms such as Nielsen MRI and Resonate highly desirable
Expert in dashboard visualization, Excel, Powerpoint, Datorama experience  highly desirable 
Deep understanding of advertising platforms and data sources such as Google Campaign Manager, Google Ads, Web Analytics, social media platforms, DSPs, ad verification
Excellent communicator with strong design and storytelling skills. 
Outstanding collaboration skills with a proven ability to work cross-functionally in order to establish and meet shared organizational goals.
Strong presentation skills to both clients and internal stakeholders with the ability to share complex analyses in a way that is easy to comprehend.
Highly detail-oriented with excellent organizational, time management, critical thinking and problem-solving skills.
Consistently meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment, ability to  prioritize multiple deliverables.
Execute projects with excellent project management skills 
Lead and contribute in audience work, goal setting, and measurement planning for new business
Actively stays up to date on the industry landscape, gives direction of latest trends for thought leadership pieces and provides support in the development of POVs or published work.
Living in Pacific time zone a plus
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by individuals assigned to this position. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all duties, responsibilities, and skills required of personnel so classified.



ABOUT Ars X Machina:

Ars X Machina (AXM) is a full-service media planning and buying agency headquartered in San Francisco, with remote employees throughout the US. We develop plans across all media—Digital, TV, Radio, Print, Outdoor, Social, Mobile, Email, Direct Mail, and Search. We handle all aspects of media, from beginning to end—research, planning, negotiating, insertion orders, billing, tracking, and optimization. We work with B2B and B2C campaigns—direct response and brand campaigns. We pride ourselves on our negotiation skills, leadership, relationships with our clients and vendors, efficiency (we move faster than big agencies), transparency, and high level of client service.